stuff everybody's got it
lots of stuff you know some of its just
a little cooler than the rest welcome
back to the mind watercolor everybody
today is show-and-tell day everybody's
got to have a show-and-tell that right
so we're going to go through and look at
some of the stuff that I rounded up in
my studio that I think is cool and maybe
you'll be impressed or inspired or just
curious to go check it out all right so
let's have some fun
and naturally buddy you're first on my
list
Rhys is cool didn't he I mean everybody
should have such a great looking plastic
Anatomy model you don't even know it
he's plastic right buddy I keep telling
you you're not the skull somebody famous
now you need to get over it great
drawing model
Andy handsome anatomically perfect
Halloween we use them as a candy bowl
watercolor journals
okay I'm not normally a journalist
journalist journal er but I found a
couple really cool watercolor journals
that I want to try out this one is sold
by Hobby Lobby if you in the states and
you have a Hobby Lobby near you check it
out
this is made in India it's completely
handmade and frankly it just looks cool
okay it's got handmade paper acid-free
I'm percent cotton the only problem I've
had with this paper is that lifting and
scrubbing is almost impossible on it it
just appeals back but for a journal book
a travel journal maybe something a
coffee table journal that you want to
keep like maybe pen and ink or ink and
wash drawings or quick little watercolor
sketches in it's really cool the pages
of these deco LEDs pages Handley pages
are just really neat something a little
more conservative
these Strathmore hard back watercolor
journals are really neat high-quality
sewn binding
Strathmore 400 watercolor paper in it
that's not their top grade but it's next
to their top grade and it's one of
slightly lesser grades that I think is
actually pretty good that will make a
great journal and it's just pretty good
watercolor paper this is a really
interesting product this is ampersand
aqua board it's really cool they make a
number of different boards for oil
painting scratch board stuff like that
it's just a masonite panel covered with
a gesso and a semi absorbent ground that
gives us some teeth now what's
interesting about this and this is the
only little test I've done just kind of
a watercolor doodle it acts almost
exactly like watercolor paper you can be
wet and wet washes you can do glazes you
can lift to your heart's content you can
go in there and lift back to white and
not damage it at all like you would
paper it's actually probably a pretty
cool thing to practice on if you're just
getting started and it's neat if you
perhaps have a piece that's really
special maybe your portrait or something
and you want infinite correct ability
but you want it to look like a
watercolor this is really cool you ought
to get some in experiment with it now
practicing for the sake of emulating the
paper you would normally use let's say
if you're going to use arch 300-pound
and you want to practice on that it
doesn't act exactly the same so you
don't want to use it to practice and
emulate a paper that you might end up
using but you can practice certain
things so just get it and try it it's
really neat this is my triple well water
bucket and I like this this is really
cool
if you watercolor you want at least two
containers of water one so that you can
wash your brush out in and one that you
can go to for clean water
some people use three I've even seen
artists use four or five three is enough
for me and I like this bucket because
it's got three also has a spot here
where you could cut a sponge or I just
roll up this towel dipping your brush in
there
you can wipe it off there too of the
wells have ribs in the bottom so you can
use it to get the pigment out of your
brush and it's got these little ridges
for holding the brushes that maybe
you're using right then for most of your
painting needle Adam core watercolors
now you may have seen the episode
already did which was a review of
basically of this set this is the earth
color set that was my first encounter
with cor I was pretty impressed with
them then I stopped short of
acknowledging their marketing claims
which said they were revolutionary you
know there was something far greater
than anything but they are quite good
and I want to make that clear and since
that video I've had a chance to try some
of the high chroma colors that's the
really brilliant like orange yellows
reds purples and there their pigment
loads are quite good you won't find
better you might find some other brands
that are nearly as good but you won't
find better let me put it that way try
them out get their color chart and
you're probably going to love them it's
just beautiful colors this is the fine
line mask pen this is really neat this
is fairly new haven't tried it much I
did try it a couple of times just to
test it and it works great
this is masking fluid if you saw my
episode on masking fluid you know what
app masking fluid is all about and there
are a number of ways to apply it even
with fine lines but this is kind of neat
it's got a fine line applicator it puts
out a line of masking fluid about the
width of a pencil tip and it's it's good
masking fluid works well school thing is
is it's got this cap with a wire that
goes down in there keeps it from getting
clogged that would be the one word you
would have in something like this is
that masking fluid get in there and then
you wouldn't be able to clear it out so
pretty neat if you need to mask a lot of
fine lines check this out this is a book
light
i mini bright this is called the
hammerhead I just picked this up today I
was looking for something that would
work on a sketchbook
sometimes I sketch down in the living
room while we're watching TV and are the
lighting down there is less than ideal
in fact it's quite dim it's barely even
suitable for reading this has six LEDs
so it's about three to six times as
bright as a normal book light most book
lights out like one two at the most
three LEDs that that's that's pretty
cool I think it's just what I needed
oh and don't forget spiders bed so cool
thanks everybody for joining Rhys and I
and this little cool stuff show-and-tell
you have any of this stuff let me know
what you think of it you don't have it
well now you've got something new to go
check out hope you'll subscribe if you
like this has been healthy and we'll see
you next time
you